[RHACS] ROX-18160: Release notes and errata update for patch 3.74.5 (#62168)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/374-release-notes.adoc

** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-24539[CVE-2023-24539]
** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-29400[CVE-2023-29400]

[id="resolved-in-version-3745"]
=== Resolved in version 3.74.5

Release date: 13 July 2023

* Fixed an issue with Sensor upgrade errors caused by PodSecurityPolicies that are not supported in EKS 1.25.

> * CVE-2023-<?>: Fixed by building Collector using an UBI image.

Author: CVE number?

Reviewer: UBI = universal base image, but not sure we need to go into that level of detail. I have the same bug for 4.0.3 and have proposed this language:

Provides a Python3 security update. [(RHSA-2023:3591)](https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:3591)

** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-24539[CVE-2023-24539]
** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-29400[CVE-2023-29400]

[id="resolved-in-version-3745"]
=== Resolved in version 3.74.5

Release date: 13 July 2023

> * Fixed an issue with Sensor upgrade errors caused by PodSecurityPolicies that are not supported in EKS 1.25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with Sensor upgrade errors caused by PodSecurityPolicies (PSPs) that are not supported in Kubernetes version 1.25 and later.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think release notes for 3.74.5 should also mention below text similar to 4.0.3 release notes in [#62244](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/62244/files)

"Fixed an issue with upgrades failing because {product-title-short} applied PSPs, even when not enabled."

** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-24539[CVE-2023-24539]
** link:https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-29400[CVE-2023-29400]

[id="resolved-in-version-3745"]
=== Resolved in version 3.74.5

Release date: 13 July 2023

> * Fixed an issue with Sensor upgrade errors caused by PodSecurityPolicies (PSPs) that are not supported in Kubernetes version 1.25 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with Sensor upgrade errors caused by Pod Security Policies (PSPs) that are not supported in Kubernetes version 1.25 and later.
```
